Shen Guiying, this bitch
Hit me and stained the new clothes you bought me
You have to call the shots for me
Not me.
It's not me, how dare you talk nonsense
So many people saw it
Did I wrong you?
Madam this hillbilly
Just jealousy
The old lady has such an excellent daughter as you
I bumped into it on purpose
Get this unruly thing out quickly
Yes, please drive Shen Guiying away, madam
The paternity test report has not been received yet.
Now I can't let him go
All right, shut up.
Mom
Shen Guiyuan is just a scary person
You can't be angry with him
Take the old lady up to change clothes
I'm your mother
How can you watch them bully me
If you don't teach them a lesson for me today
I'm leaving now.